feat(cli): add cli option to specify working path (#6810)
python-poetry/poetry: docs/cli.md

* `--no-interaction (-n)`: Do not ask any interactive question.
* `--no-plugins`: Disables plugins.
* `--no-cache`: Disables Poetry source caches.

> * `--project=PROJECT`: Specify path to Poetry project the command should work at.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--project=PATH`: The working directory for the Poetry command (defaults to the current working directory).
```
